(clears throat)
(snoring)
Wakey, wakey.
Hello, anybody in there?
Hey, you snore
pretty loudly.
Huh? Uh...
(grunting)
(groaning)
(loud thud)
Uh...
You know, I only came over
to make sure you were okay.
Guess getting a thank you is
totally out the question, huh?
Huh?
(groaning)
Good as new!
She's purring
like a kitten now!
I thought I had to
replace the thrusters.
Luckily, they just
needed to be recalibrated.
Spare parts are hard
to come by around here.
And where is here?
This place...
is my home.
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day can make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance? ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
Welcome to
the Synchro Dimension!
What?
The Synchro Dimension?
But I'm supposed to be in
the middle of a battle royal!
The last thing
I remember was...
This guy...
This guy who looked like
Yuya but a super evil,
creepy version of him,
was after me.
I thought I was toast,
but my bracelet
made him disappear
and then you showed up.
Rin!
You're safe!
Uhh!
Sorry, but, uh...
wrong girl.
What's that?
Now what's happening?
(gasping)
So that must be...
how I ended up in
the Synchro Dimension.
Oh, yeah.
Other than Yuto, Yuya said
there was another guy
that looked just like him
from the Synchro Dimension.
You're like Yuya's twin!
I mean triplet!
I mean quadruplet!
What's your name again?
Is it Yoyo?
Hmmph! Yo‐Yo?
Aah!
My name is Yugo!
Not Yo‐Yo.
Get it right!
(groaning)
You really aren't Rin.
Huh?
There's no way Rin would
ever get my name wrong.
Rin.
Wow, nice moves there.
You remind me a bit
of Lulu and Rin.
A lot, in fact.
Yugo...
I wouldn't be surprised
if the guy who came
after me also took Rin.
Hold up! You're telling me
you met the creep who has Rin!
I'm not 100%,
but this guy
definitely had sleaze
written all over him.
Who is this Rin person?
How could you
let him go?
I'm sorry.
I wish I could have been
able to stop that guy,
but once my bracelet
came on, he vanished.
It's really weird.
Whenever it starts glowing,
it's always when
I'm with somebody
who looks
just like Yuya.
The first time it
happened, I was with Yuto.
As soon as he disappeared,
Yuya showed up.
That's why I thought
you were him.
And then, when my bracelet
glowed with you there,
I thought you'd vanish.
But instead of you, it sent
me away for the first time!
Away from my friends
and family...
Well, until we find
you a way home,
New Domino City ain't a bad
place to be, most of the time.
Check out that skyline‐‐
it's beautiful, right?
And the parks...
They're amazing,
if you can get into them.
Don't worry, you'll
get used to being here.
I remember
how I freaked out
the first time I got
sent to another dimension.
It's a day
I won't ever forget.
That's the day
I lost Rin Rin.
We'd been best friends
since like forever.
We were inseparable...
until we were separated.
Looks like someone
found a dead end.
You're going
to come with me.
You can do this the
easy way or the hard way.
I hope
it's the hard way!
(laughing)
Come on, where are you?
Rin!
Rin Rin!
Let her go, creep!
(laughing)
Don't do anything crazy,
you got that?
I'm so sorry, but crazy
is what I do best!
Buh‐bye!
(groaning)
Uhh!
Rin Rin!
(gasping)
No way.
(groaning)
Rin!
Uhh...
Whoa!
What's going on?
Uhh!
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon?
Why are you glowing?
Huh?
And the next thing
I knew,
I was in
the Xyz Dimension.
I've seen
some terrible things,
but nothing could
prepare me for what I saw.
I found myself in a place
called Heartland City.
This place
has seen better days.
I didn't know
why I was sent there,
but I had a feeling
it was so I could
find Rin Rin
and bring her home.
Rin Rin!
It's me, your best bud!
I know you're around here!
Rin!
Hey!
Huh?
It's you again!
Give Rin back and I
might go easy on you.
You threatening me?
Uhh!
'Cause you and your
scooter don't scare me.
Watch your words, pal!
Nobody disses my ride!
You've just started something
you can't finish!
Bring it on!
Aah!
Let's duel!
You know who that guy
was, don't you?
Yeah, the crazy creepazoid who
snatched Rin Rin away from me!
I can't wait 'til I get another
shot at taking that guy down!
You're wrong!
That guy was Yuto.
He doesn't have Rin.
Yuto?
That's right,
and he's on a mission
to save his friend's
sister Lulu just like you.
Yuto doesn't have any reason
to have taken your girlfriend.
My... my girlfriend?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Guess I just
thought Rin was‐‐
Yeah, yeah, yeah, no.
We're just
childhood friends!
Imagine us, boyfriend
and girlfriend,
going on dates
and walking together
in the moonlight
and holding hands
and laughing
and joking and‐‐
So, like...
that's the first time you've
jumped through dimensions?
Huh?
Yeah, and this is what
gets me back and forth.
Rin's out there somewhere
and this card's gonna
help me find her.
Uhh!
Maybe that's why
it sent me to Heartland.
Hey, I wonder...
if you were sent
to Heartland
because that maniac
was there too.
And wouldn't it be creepy
if that guy
was watching you duel
from the shadows?
The only one missing
from making that
a freaky foursome was Yuya.
(gasping)
You don't need
to be rocket scientist
to know
that's no coincidence.
You four are totally
linked together.
Yeah. Maybe
you're on to something.
Like we all got these
awesome dragons, too,
so if it's not coincidence,
it must be some master plan,
but what?
I wish I knew,
because I think
it involves me, too.
Rin's not the only one
who looks like me.
There are two other girls.
I mentioned Lulu.
The other is Celina.
Celina?
That's right.
So then there's four of me
and four of you guys.
What can all of this mean?
Let's piece together
what we know.
There are
four dimensions‐‐
Fusion, Synchro,
Xyz, and Standard.
Duel Academy is based
in the Fusion Dimension,
and they're trying to unite
all four dimensions
into one.
Why would they do that?
I don't know, but
they leave devastation
and destruction
in their wake.
So, they must have
destroyed Heartland.
And if that girl Celina
is from Fusion,
she's responsible for what
happened to Rin Rin as well.
Not exactly.
Duel Academy's after her too.
Wait, what?
But why?
Duel Academy's leader is a man
they call "The Professor."
He's the one who gave
the order to capture girls
who look like me,
like Lulu and Rin.
So Celina's in danger, too.
But I still don't
understand why the Professor
wants to bring
the four of us together.
What makes you,
what makes me,
what makes
any of us so special?
Let's find out.
(gasping)
You said Rin's at that
Duel Academy place, right?
Let's go.
Let's go where?
Duel Academy!
That's where Rin is,
right?
So we'll just go
and bring her back!
Yugo, it isn't
that simple!
How would we
even get there?
Our ticket's right here!
This bracelet's what
transported us here, isn't it?
If it took me and you
to this dimension,
it can take us
to Duel Academy!
All we gotta do
is make it glow!
Won't work.
But why?
I don't control it.
I'm not the one
who makes it glow.
Uhh!
The bracelet
only lights up
when there are
two Yuyas around,
and there's
only one of you.
Then get on the
interdimensional hotline
and call him or something!
I can't.
Is it because
you can't or won't?
It's because...
Because...
Yuya...
Don't you think
I'd try if I could?
(crying)
(sobbing)
Uh... here.
Don't worry.
I promise it's clean.
Thanks, Yugo.
Yugo, you did it again.
You're an expert at two things‐‐
dueling and making girls cry.
If I could use this bracelet
to go where ever I wanted to,
I'd go home...
to Yuya, Dad,
and all my friends.
My bracelet
might be a dead end,
but maybe you could
use your card
to transport us
to Fusion.
I wish. But it's
like your bracelet.
It just works whenever
it wants to.
I'm sorry
I got you upset.
You see,
Rin always told me
that my mouth
needed a speed bump.
(laughing)
She'd tell me to,
"Think about it,
before you speak
about it."
She could be harsh,
but she was right.
Rin was always like "wear your
helmet," "clean your Runner."
(laughing)
She sounds like a handful.
Kinda reminds me of you.
Oh?
Careful!
Watch yourself!
Don't touch that!
Oh, no!
It's full of germs!
What's the deal, Yugo?
Someone help! Intruders in
our park, our lovely park!
Yugo?
Let's go!
What?
Over there!
There were two of them.
Two Commons!
Huh?
Uhh!
How did you two
sneak in here?
The Villa is
for Topsiders only!
Get on!
Hurry!
We've got trespassers
here!
Can we chat
before we go splat?
Just do what I tell you!
(engine revs)
Call Sector Security!
So, why did we have to
get out of there so fast?
It's my fault. I knew we
shouldn't have stayed there.
We were in a restricted,
tops‐only area
that's off limits to us.
Topsiders are the haves
of society who possess
all the wealth and power
here in New Domino City.
Doesn't seem fair.
Trust me, it isn't,
and I'm not gonna rest
until I make things
better for everybody.
Here, the winners
get to keep everything,
and the losers
are left with nothing.
And the Topsiders get to
make all the rules.
What?
That's awful!
It is if you're a Common,
but the Topsiders
like it just fine.
In fact, they love it.
They're only a fraction
of the City's population,
but they're just as rich as
everybody else put together.
No!
(gasping)
Oh, my!
(laughing)
Yeah.
Pretty impressive, right?
It's like a fantasyland
up here.
Huh?
But down there,
where I live...
(gasping)
...it's a different world.
Huh?
That's the area where
us Commons have to live.
It's not much, but it's
got everything I need.
(gasping)
Topsiders call the people
who live here "Commons."
The Topsiders act as if
we're their equals,
but in their hearts,
it's not even close.
If we disappeared,
they wouldn't blink an eye.
Ever since I was a kid, it was
my goal to change our world...
I Synchro Summon
Hi‐Speedroid Kendama!
Oh, yeah?
I summon Lucky Pied Piper!
(both laughing)
There's only one way
to get out of the slums,
and it's to win, so Rin
and I decided from the start
that our dueling skills
would make us winners.
And we'll never stop trying.
That's how you go from
being a zero to a hero‐‐
just like him.
Huh?
The Master of Faster,
Jack Atlas.
He was the first and
only duelist from Commons
to ever win the
Friendship Cup,
the biggest tournament
in the whole world!
No one in the city ever
expected a Commons to win,
but he showed them wrong!
When Jack Atlas
won the Friendship Cup,
it gave all Commons
something we can shoot for,
and if he could
start off in the slums
and reach the top,
so can I.
Me and Rin,
we looked up to him
as something
more than a champion.
He's what we wanted to be.
I see.
That's why we
built this Duel Runner‐‐
so that someday we could
enter the Friendship Cup.
Turbo dueling Jack
would be a dream come true.
What's a Turbo Duel?
This is Sector Security.
The white Duel Runner...
Pull over immediately!
I said, pull over!
Now!
Those stuck‐up Topsiders
must've reported us!
Maybe you should pull
over like he told you to!
Maybe it's just
your taillight is out.
You don't know
about security!
The Topsiders
do whatever it takes
to make sure we stay put!
I'm sure you could
talk it through.
We'd get taken
to The Facility.
The Facility?
Yeah, it's a like a jail,
but that's making it
sound nice.
The only thing worse
than the smell,
the food, and the cells
are the guards.
That place takes miserable
and super‐sizes it
to a whole new level.
That sounds horrible!
That's too nice a word.
And nice has no place
in The Facility.
We've got a Duel Runner
fleeing on Route 8,
with Sector Security
currently in hot pursuit.
Officer reports the Duel Runner
is defying orders to stop.
Officer requests
permission to engage.
Officer request is approved.
You have my permission to
do whatever is necessary
to subdue those
who defy Security.
Understood.
I get the message
loud and clear, sir.
I activate the Field Spell
Speed World Neo!
Duel Mode engaged.
Auto‐pilot activated.
What's going on?
He's forcing us to duel,
and if we lose,
he'll arrest
the both of us.
Me, too?
(siren)
It's duel time!
A Turbo Duel
is about to commence.
A Turbo Duel is
about to commence.
Combat Lane
transfiguration underway.
All non‐dueling vehicles
must vacate
the Combat Lane immediately.
A Turbo Duel
is about to commence.
Combat Lane
transfiguration underway.
All non‐dueling vehicles
must vacate
the Combat Lane immediately.
I never did ask you...
I never did ask you
about your name.
Oh, it's Zuzu‐‐
Zuzu Boyle!
Well, get ready for
the ride of your life, Zuzu!
Hold on tight 'cause
we're going supersonic!
Don't you think maybe you
should slow down a bit?
Waah!
Slow down?
But where's
the fun in that?
Pull over!
Don't think so!
Escape isn't an option.
Me, run?
No chance!
Let's duel!
♪ You vs. me competition
for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
can make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell let your
powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪